fix: update buildbot links (#160)
openwrt/docker: README.md

Contains the [OpenWrt
ImageBuilder](https://openwrt.org/docs/guide-user/additional-software/imagebuilder)

> based on the same container we use for our [buildbot](buildbot.openwrt.org)

Author: Or was this meant to link to https://github.com/openwrt/buildbot ?

> based on the same container we use for our [buildbot](buildbot.openwrt.org)

Author: ```suggestion
based on the same container we use for our [buildbot](https://buildbot.openwrt.org)
```

> based on the same container we use for our [buildbot](https://buildbot.openwrt.org)

Author: Or was this meant to link to:

```suggestion
based on the same container we use for our [buildbot](https://github.com/openwrt/buildbot)
```

Reviewer: Both your suggestions are OK.
